Difference b/w Automation and Orachesgtartion?
Multible automation tasks in one workflow to achive called orachestration
single automation tasks  or step by step process of automation  to achive calld as a automation

What is kubernetes?
K8 is a open-suource platform it is managing containerized workloads and services.
 
what is the diff b/w k8 and docker?
Docker is a container seriveces, 
K8 is a orachestarion container services.

What is orchestartion?
Orchestartion is the automated configuration,managment, and coordination of comupter system,applications and services.
Multible automation tasks in one workflow to achive called orachestration

what is diff b/w k8 and docker swarm?

Kubernetes is an open-source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications.”
Kubernetes is production ready when it is ready for live service

 Kubernetes, an application can be deployed using a combination of pods, deployments, and services (or micro-services). Whereas, in Docker Swarm, 
applications can be deployed as services (or micro-services) in a Swarm cluster. YAML files can be used to specify multi-container

K8:Complex Installation, More complex with a high learning curve,but more powerfull, supports autoscalling,
 built in monitiring,manual setup of load balancer,need for a separate CLI tool
Docker swarm:Easier intallation, More lightwight and easier to ude,but limited funcationlity, manual scalling,
 needs third party tools for monitoring, auto load balancingm Integrates docker CLI

What is tool?
A device or used to cary out a particular Function.

 Task defination:
A task definition is required to run Docker containers in Amazon ECS. Some of the parameters you can specify in a task definition include:
 The Docker image to use with each container in your task. How much CPU and memory to use with each task or each container within a task.
 Master Node:Api server, shedulers,control manager,etcd

every request give to api (autentication permisions)
etcd (all the information about the master nodes and pods)
if node avilbale contact api server after contact the sheduler launch pod and api server 
kube-controller-manager- Its maintain and controls the desire and current state.
node cont(if node down intimate apiservers monitor tools)
replation cont (desirs)
endpoints cont( if reach the pod b/w svc )
service a/c and token cont( if storage data down secutrity perposs the services)
kubelet- container runing or not
kubeproxy:
What is kubernetes?
Kubernetes is container orchestration tool used to manage containers
What is the diffrence between docker and kubernetes?
Docker is used for building docker images and creating containers whereas kubenetes is used to manage containers
Tell three Similar softwares like kubernetes?
Docker swarm
Mesos
DC/OS
What is the diffrence between kubernetes and docker swarm?
Both are used for managing containers
Docker swarm is not production ready
Kubernetes is modular, flexibile and production ready
What is the difference between automation and orchestration?
Automation is used for single task
Orchestration is used for build a workflow
Explain kubernetes architecture
Master
kube-api server
scheduler
controler-manager
etcd
Node
kubelet
kube-proxy
Container runtime (docker)
Image vs Container
Docker image is a template which contains base os and application services and data
Docker container is a copy of docker image with resources like cpu, memory, network and storage
Docker swarm vs docker compose?
docker-compose deploys container on a single Docker host, Docker Swarm deploys it across multiple nodes. 

Difference between bridge and overlay network
Bridge networks can be created for single host and overlay networks can be created for multiple hosts

What is the difference between container and a vm
Applications running in a container environment share an underlying operating system, while VM systems can run different operating systems.
What is replicaset?
 Ensures that a specified number of pods are runing at anytime.
 
 
